Update plugin description to suggest disabling adblock #105 (#106)
rainlab/googleanalytics-plugin: readme.md

    ```

1. Restart Apache

> ### Pops up message simply saying "error" when trying to add the json key file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Popup message simply saying "error" when trying to add the JSON key file.
```

> Your first thought might be to try and upload a .json file using the media manager to see if it is a general issue with October. When that fails as well, further research might reveal that you need to edit /config/cms.php to add json as an accepted extension:
> 
> ```
>     'fileDefinitions' => [
>         'assetExtensions' => array_merge(\October\Rain\Filesystem\Definitions::get('assetExtensions'), ['json']),
>     ],
> ```
> 
> But this is not necessary! The true culprit is more likely to be your adblocker (for example, Chrome uBlock origin, or Firefox's own built-in algos). Disable it and you should be able to upload the json private key without any modifications to OctoberCMS config files.

Reviewer: @lieszkol We probably don't need all this, just a simple explanation that the ad-blockers might be causing the issue should suffice.

Perhaps the following:
```suggestion
Some ad-blockers (such as Chrome's uBlock Origin extension or Firefox's own built-in algorithms) may prevent the uploading of the JSON file key. Disabling these, or whitelisting the October CMS, may resolve this issue for you.
```
